Meeting Title: PostUp+
Date: May 16
Meeting participants: Rohan Shah

Transcript:
 
Me: What's our story? Let's say Ralph is coming in Ralph is treating he sees a patient the patient complains of something like your initial consultation, the patient complains of something like knee pain or the pain is that you have to start with all the administration, take all the boxes. They're probably different in the Netherlands than here but I mean in general. When I was young. You had 70% of your time for the patient and 30% for. The compliance terror admission these days it's the other way around 30% time for your patient 70% for all the thick water boxes and that is sure every problem. So that is the generic pain. Actually what you see in the younger generation is that there are many burnouts. I mean we old guys we know how to handle that shout to some young guy doing it. Younger generation really how do you see that nice about under the burning of all the boxes they have to take also on the reimbursement and for the registration of the patient. Yeah, so you're thinking we start even like patient registration? Or. Things. Like. One of the. It's actually if you bring it down it's the amount of data that you have to put in the file. Before you. Start make. Sure you. Have. Been cheating defic. Ient and. The amount of data. You have to. Oblig. Ably put. In a file. As the tenfold. Or 54 but it used to be in the old days. Okay, so just getting all that information is a pain getting into the chart yeah so actually. It should be done up front. Preferably automatic. And the same is actually for the patient I mean the patient should also not. Have to fill in all those forms yeah yeah and then so okay so that like what is so like this is just like general intake how does that turn into pre-op or like like so basically is it like are we is there like there's always like an initial a new patient visit right yeah and they they you know complain they say what their problems are you try to understand what's happening and then when do you generally think about doing surgery at what point is it like can we identify needs to go to surgery. Or have it has it already been decided by the time they get to you because you're special they come with a complaint then you have to analyze the problem. You have to make a often also a differential diagnosis. Then you do more how to say that tests so that means radiology lab if necessary. Motion analysis. And then. Our genetic testing in my case also. If that comes back. You can make man. Tailored to the needs of the patient. But first you have to do analyze there you have to collect the data. And make the diagnosis and that yes and then you have to tailor the treatment to the patient do you do the test every time or only if like they mention things that like would require the test like there's certain tests that you probably want to run every time yeah. I think if you do an x-ray in 90% of the cases for example. To start with. Your country. Because for us. Anything we're gonna make first if it's fractured small yeah but even if I do clinics I prepare my clinic and I order already the x-rays before so when they come into the room they already so they gave first to the x-ray department. Yeah yeah. So like. There's a little bit. Of. What we used to do. Before. Now they canceled it so all. The hospitals don't allow extras for women. Before the visits or it slows down. Interesting at least. But that's but it's only for women right like. Did they cancel for everyone or like only women? Okay. Interesting. My first year we used to do it before and then. There was a big law. Suit event so all the. Vehicles. Are now. 20. To 60. Like you. Can. Yeah. Like. Leave the sign. Away. The. Same water fire. Yeah. Then we already have software that if you have an interview with the patient. It's automatically goes into the electronic patient farm at the starting now yeah. So that saves another time. Yeah and I had an academic career so reimbursement codes were going automatically so I didn't have. A lot to do with that. It's only if you want to do special operations. You sometimes get a discussion on how much you get reimbursed for what you do. In center it's mostly they get money somewhere else if you have. A you said if you make a loss on the procedure. And I live in a socialistic healthcare system so. There's a big difference with the united states yeah yeah. Not much help there single payer system right. Single payer system right single pair one person for one single player government pair. Single payer now you have a. You have you have an insurance yeah but it's a single payer right. Now it's your insurance company that costs me so it depends on where you are which which insurance company you have. And which package you have so everybody has a basic insurance that is legally. Also for people who cannot trade it everybody has. To pay for extra like everyone. Have a crazy everyone but that's that one is provided by the government. Right. Yeah more or less yeah still goes through the insurance companies yes yes but the amounts are decided by the government how much is the basic minimum right that is what I'm talking about fingerprint. So yeah one one body decides how much and there is there is a fixed. How do you said it on risk so first. 35 Euro you have to pay yourself then the copay. Europe has. Most countries in the single payer. Okay. They keep the basic and then if you want more of course private insurance company dentistry or like gold seats you can even for the normal procedure if you want something like stay in a very good ward and get. Some additional services on top of what you're let's see even possible everybody's equ. Al it's more like if you for example parts of dentistry you can you can ensure extra for complex procedures by the dentist. For surgery actually. It's for everybody to say the same so money is never an issue if somebody has no income or it's very rich they all get same same treatment and they are on the same waiting list so we don't have private pract. Ice. If you don't prioritize. But I heard that there are private clinics right yeah but there still are how do you say it. In the system of the in the same system so they cannot chance a difference. Some of. The charge more than. A gener. Al. I see. So. The way they make money is that. They triage the simple and the simple patients. And then they have to turn up the volume to make profit and the way it's structured and enhanced is that the simple cases you make profit in. A difficult places and lose money. In the old days when there are no private clinics where all you say is this company is that oh this. Move. In hospital it was all balanced. So simple cases you lost some money in the diffic. Ult price. What happened now the Netherlands is. That these private clinics. Took over. All the synthesis from the Japanese. So that the more complex places stated in the hospital. The balance is gone because you don't have profits from simple cases anymore in the. Journal. That's no. Problem sol. Ved. It's difficult. And they have to negotiate the insurance companies so the insurance companies get more and more powerful. They actually decide. Sometimes what is single basic payment that is already decided. Then what's there to negotiate. Package first? A little bit different between. So. After. The hackathon. We. Are going to. Invest. This. Okay. I have. Very good. Price. Here. More than. I have one guy who can invest the whole thing. Yeah. Learn duty master like. But. Yeah private equity. Okay. We could connect to a link yeah one of the founders she's the CEO oh you missed yesterday I know your slides yeah. She was actually very sad you know you have said to you be happy that it over and wrong because everybody will remember you. I didn't realize. That there's a lot of people in the. Room there's a lot of people you're not you're not bad either. Oh. He's a friend. Of a friend. Oh I know. Bad very well. Yeah he won the med. Ium. Yeah. No. What. S your connection to the nether. But. Just how do you. Find that you missed yeah invested in in singapore who connected me to Dachshund. Vessel in the world. Everything. Worked out. Here and you find it over there. Living in singapore I found Belgian and Dutch investors and Swiss investors to invest in my company. Yes. We connected. Yeah so I'm also going to send and she's got. A connection as well. I don't think the hack. Athon is going. To work. More. Valuable so so what is the pain right the pain is the oh actually. We haven't. Arthrit. Is actually has. A device that. Scan the. Boat yeah we are. Simulated. 10. Minutes they give. To like the. Surgery like. How it should be done. And then. But then the problem. Is it takes a long. Time to. Hear it when he. S old to what to do. First. And medium. And then. Recently. Our. Week. End. So we. Just gave the. Next three. Minutes. And then sometimes. Within. The next case if they want to. Go to gams. But for this one. They didn't even. For this. Patient we didn't. Need it. But then. They didn't need anything. Else. Where. Like. Measured all the. Angles the right. Amount came out. To cut. They. Wasn't really. Printed full before. The surgery did. I think that took. Like a week. Of. Then. After. Week they. Brought the. White. Ones that they. Really. Like. How does. You call the soft. Ware need. For. Like. Arthritis. Right. Where. Almost. All software. Is not really. So. Bad. But the. Whole company. Subscription. Like. One time. They. Close. It. We. Shade within. The. No. One here. Because. Almost. All. Soft. Ware programs. Has. That. Because like you know the. Center. You don't. Have to do that. Again. Yeah. So the. Problem. Okay. Yeah so I think what we should do cuz for time is basically split into two teams like a slide team and then maybe like a demo team a pitch team. Yeah. Okay. What are we doing now yeah so I think we have limited time so I think what we should do is split into. They. Are they have. Their own thing different. That's funny yeah yeah yeah he'll be healing. Yeah you went to the restroom you'll be in bed oh yeah. What. Are we. Suggesting. So I think in the interest of time what we can do is like I can start working on a demo so we can like basically we can start working on a demo then you guys can start working on like a slide sort of like defining the problem in like the pitch so basically the thought process is. We're going to build something that can help patients get information from patients for pre-op and then post op help them like answer questions and stuff. Yeah oh cool. How many minutes. Are you probably like one minute. Should be less than. And then the total. Set maybe. Three minutes or two minutes. Probably three minutes but I'm not sure did any. One. Yeah just be good at just the chat is just. That patience. Has to feel. Pressure yeah. Yeah so like we. Already solved it for the company like like mirror health has like a solution for that but it's like I feel like we can't reuse it for the hackathon so yeah. So what we do is we have a product we call it forms what ends up happening is like as a patient enters information right. So what happens is you basically you need the information somehow right so there's two ways to get information they you ask questions over the phone or you ask them to fill out a form only two ways so what we do is we do both of those intakes but when they fill out the information once that information becomes a passport so if you have another foreign or another thing that they have to do we automatically figure out based on what the based on the new form and the information that they have so we already prefill the second form or the third form or the fourth form. I. Want to keep. Yeah. It says that you don't have to do the same thing yeah. Patients. With. Language disabilities yeah so. The post. Off instructions were. Not working. Well interpreted oh interesting yeah maybe we should target a specific. Out because it's like a shorter hackathon. Because we. Realized they were having more post-op infection. S because English was not the first language. And also like the like they didn't understand like the post op bandaging instructions but instead they would like get it wet they didn't know. To use like a. Cast pop. So that was lost. In translation. Yeah so we can we're gonna add translation into the demo that's a great idea yeah we we that's we thought about that like a form that you fill out through speech? Yeah yeah that's a cool idea something that we thought about doing it just like sometimes it's awkward yeah, but then that's the same thing as the phone call right. Yeah AI or yeah yeah yeah so we yeah we already have we have the yeah exactly it's basically the same thing talking back and forth. Especially. Yeah that's a good point yeah so we can have a like a voice. Don't. Understand like. Post. Like. To keep enjoy. Ing a track or. Put like zero. Baited island. Like. They don't. Should be able. To ask. Questions today yeah. We definitely could so like how many yeah I mean definitely what type of pictures are we talking about like incision just a simple incision site and then telling them what layers do they need to do it all themselves sometimes they have to do it like once every other day. Once three days or just okay so that's that's like stick to one flow what's one surgery like that would keep end that would benefit from like post op pictures translation everything and then we can so I know what to demo. So I think the most simple. Like after surgery the post office incision care. Maybe that could be. What we focus on because that's very like everybody has to go through that at some point in their. Lives. What. Do you think? Or do you think the nonway pair. Ing that type of. People just in fall and don't understand like our wave mirroring? One of the use cases I put together for this one is this like this is a fake patient scenario. And it's for the public shoulder or this one reconstruction. And activity. And. Then perform. Ance. And. Right. So I. Think both of. Your expertise. Will. Be to see. Even more. Like an enric. H. Scenario. This is like. A scenario. Altogether without. Knowing much about it. So. Both of your. Mind. Would be more important okay for pre-op or like post off so okay pain management and then like how do we add features to that. Narco. Tic? We're making like quantifying it yeah what is it from one to ten is it the six or eight yeah it's like post-op yeah and then giving custom instructions based on that go back to the. Information. Yeah yeah we could do that. The problem at the hospital that I work at is a lot of people are methadone and drug users so this is a huge problem. Actually. Like the pain. Is never. Controlled. Or it's too. Little or too much. Then we're getting called like every minute. When we're on. There you go so. You have to manage. It's like the worst. So we just focus on the pain then because that's the hardest thing okay so like paying post op. Inion post off. Or. Yeah that is a really good point maybe we should just have this offer focus on pain little or no I mean we didn't we didn't yeah we can start with that as a base variation of the pain between patients it's it's so hard especially for methadone users like the. They need like the maximum dosage so I don't understand this problem cuz it's like to me it sounds like if methadone users just want more drugs right so wouldn't they always just say pain is maxed what is the point of like having this form everyone's just gonna fake the data really hard. Like pain point. That. As we get called in often. So we end up trying to give them other things like melon. S of. Gabapentin. Tylenol i. Buprofen and nar. Cotic and trying to. Change it up. But then. Still. Like constantly. Asking for. Getting. Paid like every minute. Donation. Yeah. Like. This it seems like the highest. Like that's what everyone. Calls. It. The problem with. Pain is like pain. Is so subjective. Right. Like. So it's. Like. Because it's. Not. That like. We are as. A. Cat. Alog. And then. You can find like. Building. Some. Activities that. It's. Like. When you. Heard this California. But. If they know. That they. Re wrong. And. That. Would be about. Winning. All the state. Ment. Yeah. So what I'm imagining. Is a post. Op sort of like. Dashboard right. Where. A patient can. Like or. If they do report. Pain. So it's gonna be painted. Or something. To quantify. On one to send. Less people. Do. And then potentially. Also. Ask questions. About. Like procedures. Things like that. That's personalized. To my. One of the questions I have is I'm looking at a study about pain management post op and it mentions a scale called visual analog scale 0 to 100 okay so what if we get an image from the face like yeah okay. Yeah I kind of feel like if this is the standard that we that the doctors know and use then we should definitely have this as like a baseline we can build on top. Yeah we can talk to the computer can answer yeah the computer gets angry yeah. All. Too biased. In their own church. Paradigm. Integrate. Like. All the roots. Like. The open. Yeah. Open evidence based like like on how to treat this level of pain. How to. Feel like lost. If there's. Anything. So give it a like what the patient get those out like because that's like more in the doctor view right the patient wouldn't be showing multiple options. But then we. Could obviously. Have. Like a door. And. Something that we. Can convin. Ce. You. And. It's not. I think when we started talking about it the idea was like the patient book the patient data generate a downloadable PDF personalized post-op management for the patient so that was like super easy to build and. I think this is really interesting it's like the capturing personalized based off of this I think that's more treatment. Is a media because right now like I had. Like this surgery they give you like 12 quick jobs I. Didn't read a single one so it doesn't really like anything. That's necessarily evaluate unless it's more tailored to. Personalized over the time of the program rather than like a one-time personalization. Yeah so I think what I'm thinking is like final scope will be like basically chatbot with all of the user like the paying chart isn't built in a pin button which there's a little speck of dancing I don't understand the animal it makes the show. Okay. They're actually. Doing mine yeah. Like. Yes. Say that. They're like. A spanish creation. Would say that. It is like 11. Like there's. No 11 on the scale. Like. Yeah. Our. Idea was to have. Animation. That we apply. That machine. Like. Acting out. Like. Sometimes. We're it. Would just be like. Those. Could be very. Help. Ful. I don't. Know how I got there. I don't know why. It's. Too much. But that depends on like what surgery it is right. Or does it always. Work? Yeah. Spit. That is the input. AI model. Yeah. The rest of the data. What. To kind of. Do that. For me. Yeah. Sounds good I mean I think. Yeah. We'll focus on the patient one person if we have time we can show what the providers down there. Cool. So. Yeah. That case like maybe like split up into like building. Teams so I think there's three things tangible things. That need to be one we need to have a. Patient story. Like a. Patient work type of thing. So it would be helpful it's like maybe like someone if one of you guys has a patient. In mind. Like that you've done before. Just. Describe their. Charter what. Find a story. Like. As much detail as possible. We'll record. That. The. English thing is so real. Yeah no we'll and we'll language you ask some people will over or understate their pain yeah definitely. So do you have granola. I don't. Have okay. No so okay I I'll like I'll capture the patient story to put into the demo if you want to like start like a boilerplate neck app or something to like do this and then put it on git up and then we can just like do that and then if you guys want to start on a powerpoint do you have canva. I don't have a template right now that we can use but easy enough to create a template yeah. We're gonna create a patient facing dashboard can you find the button with like the smiley face or whatever they're talking about oh perfect yeah so we'll just incorporate that and we'll basically patient chatbot patient pain indicator thing we can have a download FAQ thing it's just like we'll put everything in that's fine I think I could probably build it faster yeah yeah problem with level bowl is like then if all of us want to iterate on different features it's harder while both of us can probably just like iterate like it but what you could do with lovable I don't know bubble there like you could or you could like be on chat GPT or something and just generate images and like other things for like surgical if you want to like demo yeah. Interesting. We. Don't need to like find. The right. Train on everything. We need that's a really cool I didn't know about this I don't think we have scope to do this or like what are you thinking what we'd use it for so like you can build the app. On. Oh yeah. Because it's already. Trained and has the context it's going to be yeah I see I'm trying to think and it's like pretty easy to build on face. All you need to do is like put them at the cell and go download the most packet. And what's it. Doesn't run it and this I built around. Like on the face that they yeah I guess my question is like what's the use case for our specific demo so the images you're talking about it already has drained yeah yeah it's a generate images got to go got it just will be matchmated because yeah. Okay this model is already trained on it yeah yeah that's cool I didn't know it could generate images yeah okay that makes sense I think so like the way I'm thinking yeah so like this is like this is what I'm thinking like just like talk through scope right we have patient. Q and a chatbot. We need like. Sort of like. Fake login screen yeah this. Was a size. Last name yeah come over. Here. Yeah so just thinking through scare make lock and screen last name like mrn or something I like clinic password. Your cic is should be passwordless yeah so a q a chatbot I'm thinking like left pane. And then maybe like panic button or pain button big pain button. The dashboard at the top we can ask them to first like the air scale the one that she's describing the button so the facial expressions let's go through the scope first and then we can identify which screens we're going to show or like how the workflow would look like so like a paint like a paint button so open something. And then pain slider. With actions. Described with actions. Or like range of motions things like that like is this are you saying that's what we are giving to the patient are you is the patient just saying but I can and can't do like a natural I think that's a better like intake is what they can and can't do like like it's like a note kind of thing yeah like is the patient is this what patients are saying or is it what we're saying? I think is what patients are saying because like if you ask them to give me a number the number doesn't necessarily mean anything is what are like conclusion was earlier so it's like can you walk so you're asking what can you do basically like what can you do without pain is a question we ask and they respond. Okay yeah like stand can you sit without pain can you stand without paint because they're post operative so they're not going to be running and stuff yeah it's just a question of like. Yeah we'll figure out the exact description let's just say like there's scribing actions or numbers we haven't or like or yeah or number slide. Down there there's like some facial recognition or not visual like face image thing for pain. Could be in dust of scale. What was our group called again care plus up. We need like some translation cancellation PDF. Or translation output depending on language I think what we could do is like have two I think a demo could be like we have two fake two fake patients patient one is like Emily or Emily person in the offician two is like Gabriella. I don't know like basically like two patients that have different data sets that populate like the link or that it the it just changes the language that output outputs it. And then basically patient details. From story like no clinic note so maybe like a like fake loading clinic. Patient chart yeah it goes through like past prescriptions or past surgeries or something might be useful just like for the context because these are generally going to be people who have had multiple procedures. Yeah that makes sense. And then we can like in this like when I get the details from her on this fake patient yeah well like I'll make sure to ask that curious. How long is the dem. O you guys probably a minute we can like speed it up if. There's past surgeries. Okay post scope or like. Things if time permits we can have like medical image generation. We can have open evidence pain. Medication prescription dosage prescription dosage. We can have like doctor view. I think. I think we should show to your point like pain over time that's an easy quick chart to make with big data. Yeah so the other thing we could do is like send a survey or like have them like like send a text like this is again not have to happen right now but yeah the input method could be really easy like a text that like comes like once every three hours or something and then you collect that like longitudinal like day over day data and then based off of that which I think actually a lot of clinics are like starting to do but. Yeah I think that can be really valuable because it's really easy to respond to a text with like a one two three or five or like yes no to a bunch of questions as opposed to like going into a dedicated portal yeah or that was mine. Sorry. Yeah we're like a phone call or something yeah yeah yeah yeah text. I. Do have to go my panel is up too okay but I'll be back by 2:45 okay okay. That's fine yeah I can just do the like standard like the beginning of the app build out yeah and sounds good. Yeah can you text it to us on the WhatsApp yeah oh perfect and I also are those the slides do we have a folder for everything I have a github we can push everything there maybe. This is the study for context. On that scale. Okay awesome. Yeah can you do you want to generate we have a name do you want to generate cool logos using chat GPT yeah. For image generation chat GPT is now the best. Gemini is good too yeah wait even like well I feel like the new open AI one's been like insane oh really I've been used number one. Cool okay I'm gonna can I interview you now. Me yeah he sent me this so I can get started yeah perfect. Ion. At the wider no just tell me the story. Okay so. Sorry give me like a second. Oh that's annoying I didn't like keep the formatting. Oh sorry I'm just gonna be a screenshot I'll be like easier. So oh yeah yeah so I'm gonna basically record where I'm just gonna start a
